NAT - Network Address Translation
1. If not in same subnet it sends packet to router with destination ip
2. It changes the your ip address to router public ip address
3. It create a nat table
   
   Internal IP | Internal Port | External IP | External Port | Destination IP | Destination Port    
    10.0.0.2   |     8992      |   5.5.5.5   |      3333     |    4.4.4.4     |        80   
4.Types
    i.   One to One NAT (Does not check where packet is coming from)
    ii.  Address restricted NAT (Allow if we communicated with this host:ip before in table)
    iii. Port restricted NAT (Allow if we communicated with this host:ip&port before in table)
    iv.  Symmetric NAT (Allow if we communicated with this host:ip&port + ext:ip&port before in table)
    
STUN - Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
1. Tell me my public ip address/port through NAT so people can talk to us directly
2. Doesn't work with Symmetric NAT
3. We have to communicate before to save eachother addresses in table for Address restricted NAT.
4. Shortest path with lowest latency


TRUN - Tranversal Using Relays around NAT
1. It connects first and then it can be trusted to connect 

ICE - Interactive Connectivity Estabishment
1. Have all info. Local IP addresses and TRUN ones. All these are called ICE candidates.
2. All the collected addresses are then sent to the remote peer via SDP.
3. Collecting ice candidates takes time.

SDP - Session Description Protocal
1. That's a format string having all ice info, video info, media, security and etc. To know about us.
2. Send it to other party.

Signaling
1. SDP Signaling
2. I have SDP send it to other party. Alot of people send it through websockets, socket.io


STEPS.
1. We will connect two browsers.
2. A will create an offer (sdp) and set it as local description .
3. B will get the offer and set it as remote description.
4. B will create an answer sets it as its local description and signal the answer (sdp) to A.
5. A sets the answer as its remote description.
6. Connection established, exchange data channel.